Hello
today I will cook chicken with
Brussels sprouts
the slow cooker when the woman who will
work but so that's interesting
they usually cook what you can
It seems to please their home for
Brussels sprouts with chicken most
such interested especially he
budget option such an inexpensive
roll frozen papillomas worth
gave birth to 40 50
Vorkuta we need a bow it's all that
our beloved is not expensive either.
chicken and took the chicken is useful such
small pieces and pour out into a bowl for
multicookers
I will cook multicookers today
fell in love and and here multicookers because
I get ready very quickly
as a primary 8 Potro on a coarse grater
just such a carrot
parking leaves hens given take
childhood onion head into small cubes
onions went there in a crust
for 2 cloves of garlic
I also believe in small cubes
I will cut it so nicely also another bow
I'll take a dorezh here it is a little about growth
onion and his wig
the aroma of our dish doesn't care garlic to the servants
our hens go here too
put 2 spoons of vegetable oil
a teaspoon of salt may be a little bit
still add here and so in the frame bought
This seasoning is very versatile
by the way smells good only the pirate was
try in this and carrot pieces and
so interesting she also love spices and
I'll put 2 teaspoons of our
mix such a slow cooker choose menu
frying we need to find thats hot and
push start
all close the lid and wait for the crust
carrots and onions fry 10
see what beauty and now the most
time here 8 fall to act like
cabbage on Minsk digital and eat here
our for almost ready now i'm all
last saint
shut it up so I would give it to anyone 3
look at what a beautiful dish and
delicious turned out
from chicken and brussels sprouts and
spent only half an hour on it, but
how it all looks beautiful please
good luck to all your relatives and friends
until